Foreign vitals (IdP): Other IdPs (#33930)
fleetdm/fleet: articles/foreign-vitals-map-idp-users-to-hosts.md

Google Workspace doesn't natively support the [SCIM](https://scim.cloud/) standard. The best practice is to export users to [authentik](https://goauthentik.io/). Authentik then adds users to Fleet.

## Other IdPs

IdPs generally require a Fleet SCIM URL and API token:

- SCIM URL - `https://<your_fleet_server_url>/api/v1/fleet/scim`
- API token - [Create a Fleet API-only user](https://fleetdm.com/guides/fleetctl#create-api-only-user) with maintainer permissions and copy API token for that user.

> Fleet requires the `userName`, `givenName`, and `familyName` SCIM attributes. Make sure these SCIM attributs are mapped to fields in your IdP. Fleet also supports the `department` attribute (optional). Delete the rest of the attributes. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fleet requires the `userName`, `givenName`, and `familyName` SCIM attributes. Ensure these attributes are correctly mapped in your IdP, with ⁠`userName` designated as the unique identifier. Fleet uses the⁠ `userName` attribute to perform initial host-to-user mapping.

Fleet also supports the `department` attribute (optional). Delete the rest of the attributes.
```
